You're actually a witch.
I'm a witch.
Yes.
Your power to turn wishes into reality is unmatched.
Perhaps the greatest of your generation,
but you must be careful.
Careful of what?
Never underestimate human greed
and their loss for blood.
I have to protect you.
So my dreams have something to do with me being a witch.
Those dreams are your fate.
I could only conceal them from you until you have a 30th birthday.
Heh, the body.
Vigorous male, there seems to be a pentagram drawn underneath him.
Like performing a ritual?
I would something like this happen, today of all days.
So many people watching, we need to cover this up.
Don't interfere.
This has nothing to do with us.
Corpse at a wedding is sure to catch the police's attention.
That detective Hank, handle it.
Are you sure?
If the police discover I received it.
Tonight's feast was meant to be that brazen bride of yours,
it seems we'll have to delay the hunt and sacrifice.
Dealing with humans makes magic seem easy.
Don't worry, I'll take care of you.
She doesn't know what I do, she truly is.
You're the danger she's in.